customize magento luma or Blank theme fonts (#6308)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/css-topics/using-fonts.md

See the [magento2-ui-library](https://magento-devdocs.github.io/magento2-ui-library/icons.html) for an icon list and implementation.

> To customize a font you import, consider using [IcoMoon](https://icomoon.io/app/). and to define magento luma or Blank theme Icon fonts, override by following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize a font you import, consider using [IcoMoon](https://icomoon.io/app/). To override Luma or Blank theme icons font, change the font path in the following way:
```

> To customize a font you import, consider using [IcoMoon](https://icomoon.io/app/). To override Luma or Blank theme icons font, change the font path in the following way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To customize a font you import, consider using [IcoMoon](https://icomoon.io/app/). To override Luma or Blank theme icon fonts, change the font path in the `_theme.less` file. For example:
```

> Apply the changes in _theme.less

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

```css
//  Fonts

> @icons__font-path: '@{baseDir}fonts/Theme-Icons'; //  Add you fonts in your-theme\web\fonts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@icons__font-path: '@{baseDir}fonts/Theme-Icons'; //  Add you fonts in your-theme/web/fonts
```

> @icons__font-name: 'theme-Icons';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@icons__font-name: 'Theme-Icons';
```
